feat(plugins/datetime): Add local/UTC conversion (#7122)
Chatterino/chatterino2: docs/wip-plugins.md

Convert a datetime to a Unix timestamp (offset from 1970-01-01 00:00 UTC) in seconds.

##### `DateTime:is_local()`

> Check if the datetime is in the user's local/system timezone.

Reviewer: A local date time is one *without* a timezone. So if I live in UTC:
`1970-01-01T00:00:00` will be a local datetime and `1970-01-01T00:00:00Z` will be the same point in time represented with a timezone. I want this to be more clear in the documentation.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
Check if the datetime is a local time. Local times are represented without a timezone. This is distinct from a date time with your system timezone.
```

##### `DateTime:is_utc()`

Check if the datetime is in UTC.

##### `DateTime:to_local()`

> Returns a copy of this datetime converted to the user's local/system timezone.

Reviewer: This also needs to be changed.

```suggestion
Returns a copy of this datetime converted to the user's local time. Local time is represented without a timezone. That is `1970-01-01T00:00:00` is a local time but `1970-01-01T00:00:00Z` is not.
```
